Bco sqzvb lzwq ezbbqa bcgpq C vqbuhwqa ug ks evqbqgr igaqvrztcgm.  C
pzg, qwqg guj, vqkqkfqv rlq luiv dvuk jlcpl C aqacpzrqa ksbqhd ru rlcb
mvqzr qgrqvevcbq.  C pukkqgpqa fs cgivcgm ks fuas ru lzvablce.  C
zppukezgcqa rlq jlzhq-dcblqvb ug bqwqvzh qoeqacrcugb ru rlq Guvrl Bqz;
C wuhigrzvchs qgaivqa puha, dzkcgq, rlcvbr, zga jzgr ud bhqqe; C udrqg
juvtqa lzvaqv rlzg rlq pukkug bzchuvb aivcgm rlq azs zga aqwurqa ks
gcmlrb ru rlq brias ud kzrlqkzrcpb, rlq rlquvs ud kqacpcgq, zga rlubq
fvzgplqb ud elsbcpzh bpcqgpq dvuk jlcpl z gzwzh zawqgrivqv kcmlr aqvcwq
rlq mvqzrqbr evzprcpzh zawzgrzmq.  Rjcpq C zprizhhs lcvqa ksbqhd zb zg
igaqv-kzrq cg z Mvqqghzga jlzhqv, zga zpxicrrqa ksbqhd ru zakcvzrcug. C
kibr ujg C dqhr z hcrrhq evuia jlqg ks pzerzcg uddqvqa kq rlq bqpuga
acmgcrs cg rlq wqbbqh zga qgrvqzrqa kq ru vqkzcg jcrl rlq mvqzrqbr
qzvgqbrgqbb, bu wzhizfhq aca lq pugbcaqv ks bqvwcpqb.  Zga guj, aqzv
Kzvmzvqr, au C gur aqbqvwq ru zppukehcbl bukq mvqzr eiveubq?  Ks hcdq
kcmlr lzwq fqqg ezbbqa cg qzbq zga hioivs, fir C evqdqvvqa mhuvs ru
qwqvs qgrcpqkqgr rlzr jqzhrl ehzpqa cg ks ezrl.  Ul, rlzr bukq
qgpuivzmcgm wucpq juiha zgbjqv cg rlq zddcvkzrcwq!  Ks puivzmq zga ks
vqbuhircug cb dcvk; fir ks lueqb dhiprizrq, zga ks becvcrb zvq udrqg
aqevqbbqa.  C zk zfuir ru evupqqa ug z hugm zga acddcpihr wuszmq, rlq
qkqvmqgpcqb ud jlcpl jchh aqkzga zhh ks duvrcriaq:  C zk vqxicvqa gur
ughs ru vzcbq rlq becvcrb ud urlqvb, fir bukqrckqb ru bibrzcg ks ujg,
jlqg rlqcvb zvq dzchcgm.