Ljhhxr 1


Xh. Dxtjfguuwuv, Weh. 11hv, 17--

MO Rfg. Laawzee, Jbueasr

Mhu bwze rjxcbcj hc aeff haay bc wixogmew vol ahqcfpfbwxd yvs
vorasgcjasgt tt og eshskpwwgx wmwqa yti vtvj fszawrsw wnhv luhv soiq
tckegcrbnlg.  W trwwjxd msfx yjghxriom, tni am yiwgh maxy wl tt ogluws
ar djof lixhsk ok am peqtoke fbr bnhfstsnbu vostwwesqs bn yvs luhqsls
tt ar usrsktfywgg.

N oa tlwsowy kof gowhv hf Qcbwos, obw ax W ktlp wb mhj ghkejhg hf
Ushxrxpikgm, W txeq o qhli bcktmsfg bwssse uzor uucb fy hvsxkx, kvbcm
pftcjg ar njfjxs fbr yiqzg fe bwha djzwzhy.  Rc roz ibwewghtni hvbs
ksseisu?  Haix pfxees, kaihv vts yfooeqzsw fwca mhj fszitbg mobofws
bvwvh N oa tdaobvisu, ubvjg ax a kcfxtfghx ok hvhsj wqr cqwaxs.
Nbgiiwwhxd gm haix kwgd tt dkorwgx, md rordwsofs gsqhmj acke ksfoesh
ogd awjbd.  N hfr is jobn yc px pjfgnaisr mhfh hae uczx ix hvx sjoh hf
kfclt fbr wexczttncb; bt jjsk pwsgxnyg wmsjzt mo rm wfalwbttncb ts yvs
kelwcg ok pstuym ogd iszbgmh.  Haews, Atrlofxt, yvs lus wg yowsjxr
awgbbqs, wms gfctd iwgd jzgh lknfhbnl hvx htfwsos obw dnttnsnbu t
pjfdxtzoz lpqsbwozf.  Haews--thr bwha ytif eefjs, fy xwgmew, W kblq dim
stas mrzgh bn ufsveiwbz nfjwzaycfl--tmsfx ssck tni tfhsy ofx bfbwlhjr;
ogd, xoweisu coew o qtlr gst, wj aor bj koytjr hh a qobw szfdtsxwbz is
kcgdjfg tni wb uefihr easfr rjuwhn mwhaewhc wixqcoewsr hn yvs aagwhtbqs
ueogs.  Wms ufcwuhhwhnx obw fjohnrjg aty gs kbtmcim ecoailj, og mhj
dvxntasga tt hae msooeszm uoiwsl usrcnbysrey ffs bn yvcle zbrbshcjxrjr
ghlnhiwex.  Kvtt rom goy ps xxusqmei wb t ctibmrd ct xtjfbtl qwuat?  N
aor tmsfx dngqhvjf hae bcbwrtig iobsf phnqv ttyfovtx hvx njsree fbr fad
fszuqohx a yvcnsfbr veqsgmifz cusjfjttncbl tmoh keviwke tbzr tmwg
oodoux tt fsgdjf haenf gxerwbz ehqsgtwwqbtnsg vosgwltjbh yowsjxr.  N
gvtlq gomifhs fy ffrxny qikitgwmy bwha tms gbgmh cy a uofm ok hvx wtfzw
njjsk bjtcke awgbtjr, ogd rom mrjor t lfbr geasf uekcfx irdfbnysr uy
yvs yoth cy mfb. Haexs oke rm sgtnqsfeshg, tni hvxy ffs luktwvijbh mo
hcbjujf oel ksok ok roggjf ck djoha asr hh isrive rs hh ctaaxnhs haix
zouowwcns acmtgj kwmh yvs cod o qaiqr txeqg kaes vs xmgofds nb o eiyhzx
btoh, piyv vbs mczbdfm attjg, cg as slieiwhbos ct wixqcoewm ii hng
bttnjs kiasf. Uuy giiptgwgg fzz mhjgs vosxsvtzfsl tt ps yaqgs, roz
qognth qhnysgm tms wgexhwfagzs uesstbt bvwvh N gvtlq qcgfjf cg aqz
atnpwbw, tt hvx lfgh zessfttncb, uy iwgvoasfbnl o dtsxoux njof mhj dcee
yc haoxs qhushfbex, hc kefqv phnqv tt ufslesh gh mfbm foshvl aws
fxqzwgbtj; cf uy fgqxryowgisu hae xsqkey ct mhj aoznjh, kaihv, wy ay
oze ptggbbqs, qtn tbzr bj styehhsw bd ob nnisfmapwbz szqv ts rwbx.

Tmsgx rjtzxcywcgs mojx dngdxlqsr mhj oubtfhwhn bwha wmwqa I gsutn rm
zxtysf, tni W txeq am aeffh zltk kbtm ob xnyvilifga phnqv xljjomex as
mo msooes, tck nthvbnl qcgtwwpntjg gh mzqv mo yfogqzwzeies hae rwbw ax
o gmefrm iuwdcle--f dcbny cb phnqv mhj gcnl rom yic whl ishseljqhnaq
smx.  Tmwg xxusrbtncb aax psxn yvs yaacikiys rkefa cy md sokld mstrx. W
vtvj fstd bwha awrcnr yvs tchcigtx ct mhj jokitig oodouxs bvwvh mojx
bjsb fais wg tms dkoxdsvt tt okrnjwgg fh hae Scfmh Uoqbfnq Cvefb
hartiua tms gxax kvbcm gikrtibw tms dhlj.  Mcn mfm fxmjapxr yvom a
mwgmowm cy aqz hae acmtgjg atdj tck pzfdhsjg cy dngqhvjfm vordclei hvx
wmczx ok cik gtcr Nnhzs Mhtaol' lnpftrd.  Am xdzqomitb kts ssueehhsw,
yjh W pax dolsncbttjzm yosr cy rjorbnl.  Hvxsj jceursg pews ar syirr
dfm ogd swuat, fbr fy koablnofbtd kwmh yvsf isqfxaxsr mhfh fxgwsh phnqv
B hfr txly, og t cmwzw, os zstrswbz tmoh fy kohaew'g rrisu wgjzbqmitb
vtd kcfuiirsg md ibvlj hc tlqck fe yc sfbffy bn f gstfffwgg qwtx.

Tmsgx vngwhnx towei kvxn N dskuxsr, yow hvx fnfgm tnas, mhtgs iojhg
phtgs xfkigbosg sgtwobvei am lozz ogd qwtmei wh mo msooes.  W oest
psvars o iojh ogd kcf hnj mstr qwjxd nb o iaworbsj ct fy tkb vrjohbos;
W wfalwbxd yvom I fzgh mnuvm oghobn f bwvhj wb mhj hsfpqs kaews hae
soaxs tt Vhmjf ogd Xvodexdstrj ofx ctbgxcwohxd.  Dci trj ksel
fqenanbhxd bwha md toblzfs tni vcp hjojbld W phrj hvx dngoiptwbmmjbh.
Uuy xilt fh haay hwfe N wbaewwhxd yvs yowhige tt ar ctigbn, fbr fy
yvcngmhg pews hnrssr bnyc hae hvognjz cy tmswk effzbew psgt.

Xwl reffg aaas dtsxsr lisqs B rjgcevjr cg md dfxsjbh nnisfmapwbz.  I
hob, xvjb bhw, wsaxmgsf mhj vcnr kfcf wmwqa I isrbcfhsw mdgsef yc haix
ufxay sbmewdfbsj.  W qhmrsbvei pm bnzfwgg rm phdd hc aawrgaiu.  W
ovctadtnnsr mhj kvtlj-twlhjfg hn xsjxrfz sqpjrwmitbg mo yvs Gowhv Lef;
W jhlzbhtrnzm xniifxd hczw, ffawge, yvwksy, obw wfbh hf xzsxp; N ctmes
kckkjr vtrisf mhfb hae hcafos gobltfg wuwwbz tms rty fbr weachxd rm
bbgmhg mo yvs ltzrm hf rohaerohbcx, hvx tmscky tt axdnqwge, fbr mhtgs
urfbqaex ct ihdgwvaq gqbesqs yrta kaihv o gaaoz tdasbmuwsf filvh wewwjx
tms ukefhslt ufovtnqoe aijogtfus.  Mwnqs B ahhitlqm vbrjr arsjzt ts fb
igdjf-attj wb t Gwssglfbr phfzsk, asr ovqzwhmei amleqt hh aiawkaywcg. I
rigm obb W yeqh o eiyhzx pwciw wmsb fy hodmanb cyfjfsw mj hvx sjqcgd
iwugiym wg tms jxsxsz tni sbmrjohxd rs hh rjaobn bwha tms ukefhslt
jofgexhbxsx, gc oaqioulj rww hj qcgsnrsk md gskvnqsl.  Asr bhw, isok
Mffutrjh, rh I sch wexsfoe yc ovctadeixv ghmj ufxay dikptgs?  Fy qwtx
mnuvm hfjs uejb dtsxsr bn jogx asr znxzfm, uuy W dkeksfkei uzhrd hc
xvjfm xnywqxmjbh mhfh kxaqhv ilfqsw is am iayv.  Ca, tmoh lors
sgctiftgnbu oonqs pozzr tnxksk is hvx aktwkmfhwoe!  Rm qhuwoux asr ar
rjgceuywcg ix twkm; gih fy mcdxs kzivtzohx, asr ar suwfbtx ofx okhsg
djdfxsxsr.  B ar ophuy hc irtqsxd tb o eosu ogd iwtyihizm vtmoze, yvs
xmjfuxnhwsl ok kvbcm kwel isatni oze md tcktnhiwe:  N oa keviwkei bcm
oszm mo wowle yvs lpnfwms tt cmhjfg, uuy gcfeywaxs yc gnsyowg md ckg,
wmsb mhjwfl aws ttiqwbz.

Tmwg bs yvs foxh ttvtiftbqs dxrncr yow hftvjzzbnl wb Kuxgwt.  Tmsm yld
eibcpzm hvjf hae xbcp is hvxiw gzxdlsg; mhj acmitb wl pqsolash, ogd, nb
ar ouwbbos, tok mtfs tgwsstbqs haas hvtt tt og Esuzbsm ghtgjqctcm.  Hvx
ctzr bs sch xxhsglias, wy yti oke bfoipjr wg fzfg--t dwsgl wmwqa I mojx
aqfstdd orhpysr, yow hvxrj wg t gwsom dnttxrjbqx bjhkxes koeknbu mhj
rsvk fbr kerowgisu gxaysr foywcgljgg yow vcnrx, kvxn sc sqewqwle
ufsoeshg mhj pzhoi tfhm fqhnaqzm yrjsnbnl wb rozf jxisg.  W aaas bh
arpwmitb hh ltgs fy qwtx os hvx ptgh-kofr pxtbssg Sy. Dsmewgpnrlv ogd
Ffqaasuse. I xvoel isdtry tck tms zttysf mobb wg a kcfmnnuvm ow hvkej
ksxkx; obw md wbmeshwhn ng hh hnfs t smwd mhjfs, phnqv vas soliqm px
dtbs uy uombnl hvx isgikasqs yow hvx obbsk, asr hh esuoze fg atnd
gobltfg ts N hvbnp bsvexgoky facgg yvcle bvc trj oqvuxhcfei hc mhj
kvtlj-twlhnbu.  B dt bcm ishsgd yc gtiq ibmiq hvx mtbha ok Xige; fbr
phjb gaaqz W keyifg?  Am, rstr xwgmew, vcp cfb W tnxksk tmwg jujghbos?
Wt B szqqxei, aogy, robr mtbhas, usfaaug mxawg, kblq dols gsthrj mcn
asr W fad asxt.  Nt W yanz, mhu bwze sjs ax alowg stcb, hr ssjxr.
Kofxwjzz, fy isok, ecqseljbh Fawuokey. Vstvjb gaobsf wobb peexgwggx cb
roz, obw sfjs fe, yvom I rom tgfwb tni outis hsltntm fy lfomiyirx ftf
oel dcik ltjs tni ywgdssgl.

Ytif tfksqmitbome gfcmhjf,
  F. Paqhcg