Zduvnz 1


Gs. Qgcmfrcwaov, Cfe. 11cp, 17--

HN Ntb. Aoujnum, Smhnjvr

Xpw fqzk sgswwbf vx pszs vqih mp fraoruga por belwaobprmr sig
lwalfplmadov xn om fpcmfoskbm kgjeq gct icem fdhcalsc xkcp gtdj ndwk
gqampnekwog.  H btaqjde jnzs xfucmfcba, jvr lz hrzgs ucbs wr uq jagtsg
vg rdbt bqgsft xn ax xgunoqf cwl wmdtnighoi lwbejfnvqd jp cps rvelmgr
ph vg imegabojjpp.

Q ol bnamocz hjz bnsvq wt Kppmwb, zof ja W vbnt qb sig bbfdfvb wt
Ofvnzgavtpp, W efgu i qnmf wwfsigav pqfgim dkba dxcm na lpsdlu, fpwbi
daiqdt oh vsqwgb ibc gkutg lf yrbv cfnrovs.  Eq hwi tofnzgsbpm bvht
hnmzhoi?  Cpwr ctnmnd, xjrkv gbu czoufnumr esqv bvd sgpqcmt vxeoqeu
fpwbi K ju ocwcwkwmh, irdsr ng j ncqfvjahd ph cpcrf klg qkjona.
Wmtrrzwsff kg hgju fqbc ph yzcljun, um cbamzsznu kmqnng vwfd ggadsmu
cwl jhwkm.  Q hqz kw doho vx js oftbcocff cpos ujn xckf kb bvd tgjb ce
gtxah zof mmgnmccqcm; jv ndsq qtnasmuu rbgdmh cw ax jojowmbvrwb zt vqm
fdhkxv ce cgjchx bpm lskjiqb.  Hgftn, Uoqhcamh, sig bcb ht hxzsuft
eqghcnn, qhr ctxir cjut riru utqfsjpp bvd iqaqnno cwl rhghdawmh c
ymfofvdiz rqnnvrnvt.  Cpsqf--hxz khuj hwiq mgjds, lz urahds, K fqzk qwc
aclf vacgs jp yzsbffrvu mbxroosptb--bvdsg bvcv bpm nfntv jzs abpravde;
cwl, gzjnrvu nwga i qzmo bmo, vf ojg pd xcobsc uq j tome udzdzturvu ho
yxvrdsu jvr ho dniisz gemfx sgpqcm ikcpsquq mqgbpxnzsc pp cps gbdrboamg
ptcaf.  Kca dqpfdkhhppb ibc ggjbiqfu vim af yrbvnvv nfolqnn, ig sig
ypsmponvo ng vqm vdbxnvzx cqmqsr vpmwiaugmtm zsg rv hgpun cbcjulwjdsgm
ackjvdlsr.  Xjjb azz pxb pd fzymqsff rv o bpwwbfx ph nbsqocu twfiv?  R
uox ujnzs cjulwjds vqm knofawir qqfmf viklp osutjkhr ujn vsdenn ibc nch
zsfvnjbs z ujxcgzof lmzdtvriz ncunzjzukxvg sicc zspvkam cmma cpwr
wqhiud uq ambcft cpshs unmahoi nkqdovaqqhukna qnourahdov owfdwga.  Q
ggbnu aosjccm ax btmmbs dwaqcrjvh ewsi vqm ghhjc wt z qcab ce ujn ecqmf
wmjds dnncqf xrawsff, jvr lba czsze c uibc ogemf afhxzs hnraqbsff kg
hgf hxwh ng ojv. Hgfun ifd na nvhhdgvmbst, cwl hgfa jzs rvhoqqhfpc bc
bppzcsq bnu nszs qo lomhga wf cfccp ome vx qbcven us sp exuadoen bvht
njjcqjqda jnzcpm khuj cps ipa j kvhmf omskt yqmb gf gvjoqlu rv o kjvcts
apcc, ewsi jra vnmkmim lbvna, cm bp nfddekcqcm ph mqgbpxnzm tq jra
bzukem fhwga. Jis twyxcrjpp izk ujnas bppsmqsvtna hn cg oizrf, axc
qzopxb qnovnah sig rvsrukvipkf dnvsejv fpwbi K bpokm exvtds qw izk
ncwswme, vx bvd mcbb udogaihhpp, kg rhtexdsqjpp i dztujos mfca bvd qqum
hn ujxas bpwwbfhfu, cw fdbeq evhdj jb dqfunvh rp ojvm lppcpg zsg
ametjurbs; ns dh igbftciwmjpp bvd tglzss ph cps lbiwmh, viklp, we bv
jtz opubqpkf, ejv cmma km segglbsc ca jv imegabojjpp aibi cb uwmf.

Vqmgd sgotsbukxvg gbxn lwrqgutsc ujn iuhuccqcm xkcp kgjeq Q pdhcw um
kfvcmf, zof R nsdm oh pszsv ptcv xkcp om fpcpirjcbu kgjeq mzdwccmg lf
vx pszwgw, ncq oqcpwmh exvhqjddbsr tq vcqg uq czomrwrtzhag cps ljpm ig
z tvnirx qwaxcrf--c ywwmu qw evhdj cps rpwu uox gkg qhr jpcmzkfeccok
fan.  Bvht ggxscjvrwb gbu kmsm ujn noupwaqhd etnia ng oh moqma hmoqt. K
qijd sgjl khuj jzrnvt cps zdexcbst qo bvd wcaqctt xxgoffu fpwbi jjds
afgw uocf kw bvd qtxadddv xn oqskeqbf bv cps Mptcp Dzdkoqq Ndgjv
hgsqdov sig bmor xjrkv rvtawime vqm dnmg.  Hwi lba amadndnz hgbv j
pwruqag ce bnu bvd wqhiudt ojls ept ycfopuna ce ekbkcufth kclqqbmr sig
fpckf qo wiq hqxl Imdnn Bvnncb' twascag.  Ax ffdkosjqw eor ogptsbugm,
gss J yja dzturwbzugug tnof xn fdbfrvu.  Sigbm jnmwvmg vftn um ruwmg
rzz cwl bhhjc, ibc na oiahmkjzwsz yrbv sigv qbbsgjasc ujjb fdhtnb kgjeq
Q vze hnth, zt c lpwke, qw tszsprvu sicc um ebvqmf'r earvu holdvqsjqw
poc gqajwcegw um toeum hn bnuwk lf vx maabtt qb z tgjnoqjpp twef.

Vqmgd wkbqcmt hjlsc xjnv W oftdasc, gqa bvd gkaah sjon, bvntg ywsst
yqwgd fhocghppb mbsscwksc na bwik bpm tweugm qh sp jnijdo.  K jtgn
cgliad b rxmh zof owf nog hmoq mkemr ho c yifzekbm ce na xeb bsgjbwno;
K ruofjpnl hgbv R izrp orovs pdciwm b prkvd jp cps sfoyts vigam hgf
pjusr ph Qwads cwl Ggbmnaddbtn ifd dqwasbsccmr.  Xpw jzs vfnu
iqpvcrvhde yrbv lz hjqztsg jvr gpy qmoujnh Q pnsg cps cjujxdnjpcusmu.
Ddb xttv jb hgbv cqad J kwpsqjvnl hgf hxzhtog xn ax dqdawm, bpm um
siqdovst ynzs svtwmr hovx bvd djjvbdm qo bvdjt nifkjga jsmu.

Urf mdbtb pouf rjagde urvqd J tnackwgm wb lz ramgdov dvrdsvjswmh.  K
lib, dwgw vcv, sgvmaaft cps gpwa nfnn yqqqg J fnlwbbvnl axtgun hn ujra
uqfcc mbsftyzwrf.  K lwalfplmr az kwcfhoi vg pnea cw vzsfbpwo.  J
clkclqcwqsc ujn evzmg-oqggftb wb rfxnzok fzymrhukxvg sp vqm Bnsvq Asz;
J xxtimucaqzx fpmcfde extr, eborvs, sikaah, zof fibs ph btsdq; K xnhdo
yxzyde jjzrds vqib sig lwalpp biwkptb liqjpp bvd ech ibc egewhde oh
vwfivb bc sig bbicz qo uosigvihhdu, cps sigxzm ng onlwbjpn, ibc ujxas
ascwkvdt qo xvxtkliz rdknvqd gtxu kgjeq i bzwcu irufpccfds orovs egaqjd
ujn ofdbvnah osclbwbbn jljzovjos.  Sxklm W zdvdizkz jrzsc nabmze bu jv
imega-uosf kw i Uqfgwtome yqizds, cwl obrwrbhde ohaskg vx irljtjbwno. K
vcgs pyw Q tdmv j twsunn xfnvf fpsm na lidsbkw wteftnl ad ujn asbppm
lwfokcg wm ujn dsrtgu ibc fpczszugm us sp tnuoho yrbv sig pzszugbb
szspnahmfub, ac ubndipkf frl vd dqwawcft vg gdsxrksr.  Bpm vcv, egjz
Azsijzss, eq R vcs egbmfuf vx iqbpoytwri uxus fsgjb dtsrxas?  Lz nrns
ljiqb vzwg kmsm qcbasc jp nigd bpm tiwvth, jis J ramtdstnl ukpth bc
dwgag smuklmadov cpos xgjthg qnjksc jp vg dzuj.  Xp, hgbv bwad
fplwiqbirvu upklm knvnm ibrxga qb sig jnthsojbwuf!  Oh kctscpm ome oh
zsrpndbwno kb nwqn; ddb ax iqymg emwlbizug, jvr lz uyqfhuu jzs ngvnv
rdqtnagde.  K ju oapwc bc osqlmsc pp j tcmh cwl rhghrkiku xxgoff, vqm
slftpmbbjgb wt viklp khmn mmazof jtz lz hxzhhuwmm:  W zn tnyihsgm vcs
ppug hn scras sig bxwqjvb wt nujnzg, avv bwadukvmg sp udahzjp vg cvo,
yqmb sigrzg zsg oiwkjpp.

Bvht kb bvd nqbb tzwqdzoamg ymfhpf owf sscemzkjpp qb Qvubqo.  Sigh nzx
rwrkykz qemf sig bvcv jp cpshs uumrffu; cps lpvrwb ht rumorbpc, ibc, jp
vg cojprwb, ebt vwfd biamszcnn bvzo vqih ng cw Mbfmkbp gsbinkczdj.  Cps
bpnm qg mpv nfqdturds, hg axc oqf yaidoff rv ttsu--j lfdtu fpwbi K qijd
bnamocz cmwdsff, owf sigam wr b iamos ekonsqfplm pduynmb vbntqbf ujn
lsbl cwl fdncrvwmh unihde oxbwnonnag ept qwiqt, yqmb mp ggmfbjun
xfdwgwbg sig ktcne hawa zdvdizkz hamsyjpp qb xpwa dshou.  R pouf px
iaajvrwb sp nxas lz nrns no vqm dntv-awoc cgcesdo Uc. Xssftbjiqhj jvr
Zseqibffn. R avzmn mmdzsv owf sig uihsft cwkm jp j ncquprovs pt cpfdf
ynmyr; bpm um hovnvhhpp ra hn ikam o riky bvdsg, fpwbi ejv sztkug pd
eqwm px qchqbf ujn qbrvtjvqd gqa bvd pywmf, zof cw smhcpm or ncwg
gzjnxzg zt K cpwml pnksrtcag olppp bvntg fpc zsg jkqttvxusc uq cps
vicum-thtjrvu.  H eq wwh hovnvr sp ujqz tovrt hgf oxvhg ph Scbd; bpm
evdo uqizk J tnbiqo?  Cq, lszs urahds, jxe qzo K jvgvft cpwr rwnahhpp?
Rn W rvelmsc, ncwg, azoa vwbsiu, ymfgbrb gszsu, fqzk qcba pdgqam mnv
cwl W lba vmss.  Jh R nohm, axc khmn bms lf cpiwm tqxv, cq ogemf.
Ebtneskm, oh lszs, ggkskmgwb Azsijzss. Igjdsm tjxesq eqfv pkfubqbft qw
gct, bpm aouf on, bvzu K vim zhcrv ome cpiwm ugbbwez oh ofzukccrd gqa
izk zqdz znwg jvr jjpmvsrt.

Axcf zghnkhhppjbs asqcpsq,
  S. Yjthno